where's going on guys of a game today
bring some official information about
call of duty elite and before that i'm
going to talk about the prestige emblems
and zombie emblems in black ops 2 I hope
this official but like i said i think
these just rumors but i really hope this
official because i really want these
prestige emblems and zombie emblems to
actually appear in the game anyways
about the prestige emblems well they got
revealed and now there is 15 emblems
supposedly and you all know that there
was just ten you know but now actually
there is 15 I don't really know what
happened I don't know if they change
their minds I don't know I just hope
that they actually put 15 and not ten
because they look sick anyways about
these 15 well you see that some of them
are from black ops and supposedly the
prestige master emblem it's this one
that i'm showing right now but like i
said this i think this is just rumors
anyways which one do you like the most
you know just leave in the comments
below i really like this wonder the
press is master emblem supposedly you
know it's this one I don't really know
anyways about the zombie emblems well
this information like I said before is
not official I think and well I really
hope they put it because all the fans
want to see this in black ops 2 so I
really hope they put the zombie emblems
and right now we are seeing the league
emblems I think they look really cool
but they actually have to appear in the
game if they'd only appear in the game
oh well I don't know but I really hope
they actually appear anyways about the
elites the call of duty elites this
information is official so I'll eat can
plan level unlocks for black ops 2 car
revealed anyways um the
first thing that I you know enjoyed
about this is the gold clan tag you know
and that's the thing that i really like
but yeah guys that's pretty much it i
hope you guys enjoyed and if you go
click like button and subscribe if you
are new to the channel i'll be really
appreciated anyways guys thanks for
watching and i will see an excellent
piece